added error if not finished flag (#13215)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_3_59.md

#### Scripts
##### SetByIncidentId

> - Added *errorUnfinished* argument. If true, returns an error if not all the incidents were modified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the *errorUnfinished* argument - if set to true, the script will return an error if not all the incidents were modified.
```
